correct a problem that is generating
the monarch hotel
fiber optic that is installing
telmex
the problem that presents us is losses
of signal
a browser I do not know how it connects
within walking distance of the antenna
wireless
let's start
first thing we're going to do is enter the
with modem configuration only
introducing the
ip number
192 points 160 and 8.1 points 54
we give enter
they present it to us
this access we are going to put you in mind
with a capital
and in the access code it would be him
European that comes in the back
of your mobile
respecting the type d
of caps if they are uppercase with a new
capital
we are going to process
to
network option
then to modify
let's change these parameters that
would be
effect d
the wifi filter
sea direction that we are going to put
not
as not down
we change the web encryption
for this
window we will accept
that is not saying that it's going to
disable the group do
lopez is ok
we leave as is
in 16 bits
the web key stays the same let's go to
save
By doing this, we are going to lose here
our connection
I want to put a cross or a card there
it tells us that
it is not this
the correct configuration we are going to give
where says
with the right button on the connection you
we give in properties
and we will give click tells me show
characters
we copy this key
that our key to
wifi copy we change the system
open we leave the web
we stick the key
we accept
already connects and if they are fixed it already says that
is a
radio type
802.11
already with this we will have better reach
and we are going to finish with the disconnections
that if you have any doubt leave in the
bottom part make this video favorite
Give it a thumbs up if there will be more videos
Thank you